oh how about friends welcome to children
finish as always I am pay
presenting it on the news of the
week I would be playing my alfa
sapphire but good we begin and
starting with our first news
of the week is about ubisoft the
which took out without description and tyc
that has a lot of problems in all
the platforms including their details
half-gloomy the actions of the
company fell for obvious reasons and
taking advantage of all this relax a
employee in england posted a letter
on the internet about the mistreatment that
the company has towards the employees and
consumers and the list of
nominees of the 2014 game awards between
some of them you will find bayonet 2
dark souls 2 aston dragon knight and haus
of morton and microsoft following with the
philosophy of not touch me ando chido
price a fear have tripled their
sales in the last two weeks in
us and not only that but that
also sell almost 10 million
control up around
and all this obviously thanks to ge and what
others is fit college and good sweets and
granny ace of life because they remember
that a few moments ago I told you that
Microsoft increased its sales due
to the halo game of master kits
collection good as it turns out that this
title came out with a lot of mistakes
just as Augustine wrote nit and
since in multiplayer mode you have
to wait around 10
minutes to connect to the game and
many game modes do not work
before this obviously apologized
and that they are going to close the modes that are not
work and that possibly they are going to
fix they do not know when but they 're going to
straight
the president of playstation america
He said he heard the prayers of
the users and that if it is in their power
will bring back several characters and
forgotten franchises mentioned that is
for reliving vine for the rapper
although he still has legal problems with
this
masahiro sakurai the super producer
smash bros said he was so sure of the
quality of your product that for now
plans to take any delight out of the game
so where is your god now
microsoft
and good friends, for me, it was all
this week you know that we see the
next if you liked the video
Like and share it and if you have not
subscribed to can subscribe and I'm going
to play me the fake but yes see you